[Music]
very nice and ethical good something
Starbuck talk about starboard hey giant
question oh I can you can you do the
starburst into in some up this is a pink
one too we got to get this one you got
it Oh Deb same way he's out Sonny Boy
were you guys impressed awesome
here we go here we go here we go if you
have never been to filosophy at in LA if
first impersonated stammers is good it
is one of the best coffee places of all
time go there to a mint mojito it's
basically a minty iced coffee
and it is the set for the first person a
day Sarah maybe one Miriam I did I'm
sorry about that seriously I hope you
guys are having the best disc da ever we
left off in the last vlog with the QA
but there was one question that I was
like you know what the boyfriend John
should be here for this I don't know
what it is
the question is us two incredibly
creative people oh that's very nice of
you
how do you and John Hill to manage the
good / bad that comes with it and being
so similar I think our creativity might
be a little different though yeah I'll
be our creativity clashes with each
other
yes and I think we inspire each other in
different ways and I think we're
different enough to where it's not
boring right it's exciting it's like I
see him landed trick I might not know
what type of skateboarding trick it is
right but just seeing him dip down that
crazy thing that you're in doing I don't
I don't know what that was my I was like
dang that looks scary
that probably was scary but he conquered
it and he makes art out of his
skateboarding yeah that's where my
creativity lies and then when I watch
you make videos I get really really
jealous because I got to edit like that
if anything with me your creativity is
very beneficial to me because I can
learn how to make why we learn from each
other and that it's cool I mean I think
the only thing that might be bad this is
we are both constantly like working
working working what video do we need
ooh with blah blah so I feel like that
might be the downside of having like a
relationship with some of your just
resting like that is because it's hard
to turn that off
all right we we like you're able to kind
of just like go to dinner I mean real
life conversations but it's it's a good
recipe of someone who you understand
their problems like with YouTube and
doing that stuff but then you can also
help each other in the same if this is a
very commonly shift the situations we've
been through so far would be a huge
conflict yeah like I've been like I need
a video done right now and since she
understands that she always has infinite
amount of work to do like let's stop my
coffee shop and go but imagine if they
wanted to just hang out and you're like
we need to stop right now and they're
like but I want to have fun we've never
had a situation as we both always have
to work because we always have the
situation for like I need a video to go
up in an hour which is me right now very
good coffee shop yeah and so like right
now I'm like Kayla's illness question
but I think about oh my gosh she needs
to put a video up so why are we still
going worth it we're both working that's
sick oh yeah yeah
it worked out for both of us to switch
that shout out in the description that
my type thing you're sharing in the
description below John Hill - at John
Hill - a lot of awesome buildings and
epic graffiti in the LA area look at
this look at this follow Jesus not those
hoes on Instagram
[Music]
successful work - that feels chilly
outside how are you
mm yeah see I didn't know this is how
cool skater people do it they have
normal bees just like the rest of us
just like the rest of us but they fold
it extra and look you got a you got a
Dale Decker beanie except it only fits
on bald-headed check hat good to go John
has a electric skateboard that actually
kind of jealous before I moved to New
York City I knew I needed an electric
skateboard to get around it is truly the
fastest most effective and funnest way
to get around but I had my sights on a
smaller board the booster board is big
but there's a reason why it really takes
bumps and things well and it's also
super fast there's a company called
actin and it had a board called the
blink board the first version apparently
didn't do too hot but they rolled out
brand new boards John has one I want to
cruise around on it first of all look at
the small form factor of this thing it's
all of the same size out of the
skateboard and it actually has a tail
somewhat of a tail goes up the 15th
Melbourne I think and I was pushing it
earlier - the electric part and you can
actually push this like a proper
skateboard and look it lights up new
development it's actually smaller than a
real skate word than the size of it
so it's sick how it has literally
headlights that's really nice first
impression its punchy to stop and it's
definitely one of those words that you
kind of have to kick-start but it gets
pretty fast I was reaching top speeds on
flat ground very quickly and like wanted
to go faster but it's such a small board
it's like you really don't need to go
faster on it we're going to get top
speed for you this is top speed top
speed top speed I'm going to try to stop
without killing myself the brakes are so
touchy and it's a break it's not
necessarily a room first break break
break break break and I break
I just scares me to stop ah nice thing
you definitely feel like you don't have
as much control just because the break
it automatically catches it very quickly
once you ignite it just a little bit on
the booster board it's a very gradual
stuff which all right this is me
stopping after going like full-speed so
you'll kind of see the catch hopefully
I mean okay I've gotten better at it and
they're like five minutes I've written
it yeah but when it starts the first
time you ever do is tribute the thing is
it's just a scoff it's not a reverse you
have to change the fat setting with the
remote to go in reverse and when you're
reverse you still press up which is
trippy that doesn't make sense
overall up the dough for it this is cool
do you think you would write it in your
everyday life Jonathan are you going to
start cruising around with it I know I'm
up to it I'm so used to pushing it's
kind of awkward for you still yeah anti
electric push push for life am i right
yeah I saw the legend wars are awesome
this place is smooth enough you don't
agree right yeah yeah after the board
though so yeah yeah wow what a trick
what is it done great without looking
I'm actually pretty terrified oh if I
landed
Wow let's get to it again I do different
okay honestly you look kind of crazy
when you're doing that promote iconic
insane looking tricks you just film some
stuff for John's blag blag link will be
in the description but it's alright
lit sorta really is I think it's time to
go home shed the accent blink for it I
think it's still called a blank board or
maybe no it's holding s2 or something
something - I don't know but I'm
interested in a electric skateboard in a
smaller form factor so that was fun who
knows I think I might have to bring one
to the streets of New York City to test
it out until next time guys stay peachy
posting videos every Monday through
Friday become a part of the kgk let me
look like this video hit subscribe
button double up I'll see you guys later
alright so sorry Peter I must say it
again cuz I'm feelin PG stay peachy okay
[Music]
you